Programs | Class Room Assignment-10

1)WAP to set marks of 5 subjects manually and print it by indexing, for loop, while loop, do while loop and for each loop separately.
2)WAP to set the characters of “Hello Andrew” in an array manually and print it by indexing, for loop, while loop, do while loop and for each loop separately.
3)WAP to take marks of 7 subjects from a user and print it.
4)WAP to take n number of elements of an array and find out the sum of first and last element of an array. 
5)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the sum of all the elements.
6)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the average of all the elements.
7)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the sum of even indexing elements.
8)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the sum of odd indexing elements.
9)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the sum of even elements.
10)WAP to take n number of elements of an array from user and find out the sum of odd elements.
11)WAP to print even and odd indexing elements separately.
12)WAP to count no. Of even and odd elements
13)WAP to count no. Of elements which are greater than or equals to 50
14)WAP to count no. Of elements which lies in between 50 and 100
15)WAP to count no. Of elements which are the multiple of 10.
16)WAP to reverse all the elements of an array
17)WAP to reverse individual elements of an array
18)WAP to insert an element at specific index in an array
19)WAP to remove an element from a specific index
20)WAP to merge two arrays
21)WAP to check whether entered array is a palindrome or not
22)WAP showing the concept of Selection sort (Ascending order | Descending order)
23)WAP showing the concept of Bubble sort  (Ascending order | Descending order)
24)WAP to find out the largest element from an array
25)WAP to find out the smallest element from an array
26)WAP to find out the second largest element from an array
27)WAP to find out the second smallest element from an array
28)WAP to find out the frequency of number 25 from an array
29)WAP to find out the frequency of all the elements of an array
30)WAP to find out the element which have highest frequency.
